[docs] Update docs on where response extensions can be mutated (#7876)
apollographql/apollo-server: docs/source/integrations/plugins-event-reference.mdx

(If the operation uses [incremental delivery](../workflow/requests#incremental-delivery-experimental) directives such as `@defer`, `willSendResponse` is called before the *initial* payload is sent; you can use `willSendSubsequentPayload` to find out when more payloads will be sent.)

> This is also the place you can mutate the GraphQL response in-place, like adding values to the `extensions` or redacting information in the `error` blocks.

Reviewer: It's better to not start new paragraphs with "this" to be clearer about what "this" means.  Is this accurate:?

```suggestion
The `willSendResponse` event is also where you can mutate the GraphQL response in-place. For example, you can add values to the `extensions` object or redact information in the `error` blocks.
```

> This is also the place you can mutate the GraphQL response in-place, like adding values to the `extensions` or merging responses from subgraphs with conditional logic.

Reviewer 2: I like having this addition in general. I don't know if talking about subgraphs in this Apollo Server context makes sense though (I'm not sure what the use case you're describing is).

Author: I suppose I can remove the subgraph reference here. That was more a callout to Gateway

> The `willSendResponse` event is also where you can mutate the GraphQL response in-place. For example, you can add values to the `extensions` object or redact information in the `error` blocks.

Reviewer 3: Shouldn't the latter be handled by [formatError](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server/data/errors/#for-client-responses)?

Author: Good callout. I will update to reference that section
